[IMP] readme (#197)
coopiteasy/vertical-cooperative: easy_my_coop/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

Manage cooperators of a cooperative.

A basic flow can be the following:

> - Citizen generate a Subscription Request by asking via any method that
>   will be processed by a human that has access to this module.
> - Subscription Request is validated. This generate a Capital Release
>   Request. This is an invoice send to the future cooperator.
> - Payment of the cooperator is registered and the Capital Realease
>   Request is marked as paid.
> - A new cooperator (a special partner) is created, and the right type
>   and amount of share is linked to this new cooperator.
> - The new cooperator appears in the Cooperator Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create subscription request for a person (moral or physical)
- Validate subscription sequest, a capital release request (`account.invoice`). This invoice is sent to the future cooperator.
- Payment of the cooperator is registered and the capital Release
  request is marked as paid.
- A new cooperator (a special partner) is created, and the right type
  and amount of share is linked to this new cooperator.
- The new cooperator appears in the Cooperator Registry.
```
